oh so you guys saw in the intro I am
gonna be making day mechanicals gaming
channels so guys I'm just going to do a
review of this cardboard the cardboard
we are so I think let me start you see
me wearing this VR and it was a cool
experience I mean it's like the best
ever
so this is like it's like from Google
and you don't even have like the
electronic wires and stuff so either
professional I didn't even made it on my
own text or Google like my aunt just
gave it to me so yeah man
give this to me like a year so I don't
even know what to do in this video so
what I'll do is like just I don't even
know what to do today so I just film
little Larry and that was awesome and
I'm so sorry about the background noises
I don't even know what they're doing so
before I start reviewing this item give
this video a big thumbs up subscribe to
my channel to see more content like this
yeah chase senator Franzen on poster of
vacation so I got you in there for every
time I post and comment down below on
what things you want me to review make
make sure you leave a link down below so
I can actually buy that thing from
Amazon or something but man this is
awesome so guys this is awesome so
cutting off we have the lenses look at
that
so a focuses remember the studio yeah
I'm in the studio back again so you guys
see what is this you
like a little ring and it is no ring
here and it says that it's completely
rain proof which is fake I don't know
just school but so to open it up like
that and you can store your phone in
here it doesn't work then you have to
push it in cause if I hand
hahaha so see this if it's like an
origami thing because there's like it
upside down yeah it is upside down so
you can see what because you were like
two three and four to assemble this
thing just like an origami so guys I
actually missed a stop but there's
another four over there and Sudha's did
this little early duplicate over
everything okay so uh it says what you
should do you should put it in but if
this one doesn't fit it and you can put
it right here chill yeah chill another
thing to mark is that in the intro I
covered this up because I did I have the
mobile device in I don't need to look
fake to you guys and I click bait it is
lit already made out of cardboard
you guys can't believe it well you guys
have I mean you guys have to go get this
for your step
I'm not leaving this in the link I don't
even know all my aunt craft is pasta
it's awesome and I think that's all
about to it so there's this stuff right
here and it's steps on my test so you
see these holes I don't even know what
these holes are for well typically you
all made a couple so it's you see the
string here and for it to fit it with so
like tray awfulness
after this they don't have the disc for
detail I can play and it's the best
stick to feature with these are focusing
it focuses
yeah so like this the best way to reach
it but by the way guys if you not think
it from Google then then boom da boom
boom up boom da boom boom oh gosh
so guys I got it to focus so that's
pretty much all about four days and I
put the logos you know focus that's all
about this video thanks for watching
this video and trying to make this video
a shot of a short review yeah stay tuned
on my channel to see more content like
this and bye